The Best Combination - Kasparov

The goal here is to make awareness about the systems at work so accessible that it’s easy enough for every person to use machines to their maximum capabilities. There are rules, complexities and a world of creativity in the unlikely combinations of things that have been part of the unlikelihood of life itself which we have to learn from.

People are afraid of what they don’t know
Of losing control
Of not being the top dogs
Of losing their livelihoods

But if the best combination in every situation is the person plus the machine which allows each one of us to be a better version of ourselves for the benefit of the whole then the logical move is to bring down the barriers as low as we possibly can.

No matter how fast we can build things in code, there is always a time constraint. Anything we build takes time to get right. But it’s in iteration and absorbing more content to lear from that we can fabricate better systems. We can continually provide reasons for a situation being right but just as important, we must show the systems we create what wrong means and looks like in every situation.

If we can go through a process of creating training and coaching that are perfectly geared to each individuals context we will be in a position that we have never been in before. It’s similar to the notion that we could be at the dawn of creating content that is instantaneously built. A world of choose your own adventure that is context and content aware at a level that we cannot comprehend.

Imagine if this were the case for education within every aspect of our lives. The ability to teach in the right way with examples that land, with tone that is so precicely suited to our current state of mind that we stay engaged and more than that, lean deeper and participate in the creation of artefacts in order to improve ourselves and the world around us.

We tune each other. We lean on each other. And We have mechanisms of being the physical and thinking companions to one another that we’ve only really dreamed of in the past. This really does feel like a world of science fiction!

This is the dream.
Because each gap can then be assessed by a couple of criteria.
Is the task a knowledge gap or is it an action gap. Often both, and that’s fine, but in order to work towards a limitless world of opportunity and creation, we need to be able to categorise the gap, triage the solution and then plan and execute the delivery. 

And the foundational aspects of this solution based approach involve teaching and coaching people to lean into the world of AI so that we can all play our part in refining the tasks we encounter. Everyone needs to learn how to use it. It’s an exploration. We can all undestand it because it speaks our language. We can see its shortcomings, but we must report these and create lasting fixes.

How do we get the distribution on this which is required to make it as ubiquitous as Coca Cola. WE need to put the fridge everywhere. We must grant access to everyone at the highest possible level. We must provide the ability to self train. We must have guides that we trust